Update doc for CEL match for numeric values (#3128)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/howto-route-messages.md

Match deposits greater than $10,000:

```javascript
event.type == "deposit" && int(event.data.amount) > 10000
```

> **N.B. By default the numeric values ​​are written as double-precision floating-point. There are no automatic arithmetic conversions for numeric values, in this case if `event.data.amount` is not cast as integer the match is not performed. For more see the [CEL documentation](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/master/doc/langdef.md)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
By default the numeric values ​​are written as double-precision floating-point. There are no automatic arithmetic conversions for numeric values. In this case, if `event.data.amount` is not cast as integer, the match is not performed. For more information, see the [CEL documentation](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/master/doc/langdef.md).
{{% /alert %}}
```

Just wrapping in shortcode alert
